Add documentation for recommended accelerators annotation (#177)
opendatahub-io/notebooks: docs/workbench-imagestreams.md

- **`opendatahub.io/notebook-image-desc:`** - a desired description string of the of the particular workbench image (used in the UI) 
- **`opendatahub.io/notebook-image-order:`** - an index value for the particular workbench ImageStream (used by the UI to list available workbench images in a specific order)

> - **`opendatahub.io/recommended-accelerators`** - a string that represents the list of recommended hardware accelerators for the particular workbench ImageStream (used in the UI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`opendatahub.io/recommended-accelerators`** - a string that represents the list of recommended hardware accelerators for the particular workbench ImageStream. This is used by the ODH dashboard component to correctly assign accelerators and tolerations to the workbench. Ex: `'["nvidia.com/gpu", "habana.com/gen1"]'`
Note: The annotation is not required for non-accelerator recommended images i.e. you do not need to include an empty array.
```
